## General notes
### Java Socket Programming
- GetInputStream().read() is a blocking call. Meaning that the method will block until input data is available
    - Blocking operations = bad throughput. We want to develop some way to handle concurrent socket requests. 
    - **We need to implement multi-threaded server to handle concurrent socket requests/messages**

### Simulation of Link State Routing Protocol
- We need to implement network description synchronization between routers. More specifically, implement the `Router` class.
- We need to use "Process IP" and "Process Port" to establish connection via socket. - In the "simulated network", we assign a "simulated ip address" to each router. This IP address is only used to identify the router program instrance in the simulted netowrk space, but not used to communicate via sockets. 

### Resources
- [This video](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gchR3DpY-8Q) was good to understand how sockets should used.
---
## Dev Log
### 2024-03-16
- First draft of the proccessAttach method in the Router class
- **Question** : should we check if array of link is already full and tell user that no more links can be added? Also, should we check if the link is already in the array of links?
- **Question** : Should we specifically check if we got REJECTED response in the attach method? 
- In `requestHandler` method, we use server sockets because a server socket listens for incoming connection requests, while a regular (client) socket initiates connections to server sockets for communication.
### 2024-03-18
- Removed target and out directories from github repo. These are generated by maven and should not be included in the repo.
- Removed implementation of `processAttach` method in `Router` class. Initial implementation did not use SOSPFPacket class.

---
## To-Dos
- [ ] Ask on ED about the routerID and how it's supposed to be used. 
- [ ] Spawn 4 threads for each running router. 1 Thread = 1 link.
- [ ] implement process attach (find a way to send SOS message).
- [ ]  
